hey guys it's Sam here again my third
video and in my last video of the day
just want to give you guys an update on
my orchids that have finally woken up
from its winter hibernation so as you
can see outside full of snow this is my
northern facing window and yeah it slept
for a long long time
all my orchids and it hibernates like me
during the winter so finally finally
it's got some some developments on some
of the larger fowls as you can see there
it's got a spike growing as well as tons
of new roots as you can see and I think
this one also has a root growing on the
other side so hopefully it'll be a
double spike or kid this one here um
nothing major to report on this one I'm
crazy I inspect my orchids every day for
new developments yeah nothing this one's
still sleeping this one here no spikes
to report but as you can see it's got
growing tips now
and let's see what else yeah lots of new
route crying and this is my Harlequin
arcade because I can tell it's got the
curled and leaves okay that I have three
fouls on each windowsill have two
windowsills here this one here I don't
think there is much oh this one's got a
weird Ruby to grind tip check this one
out it's like a double headed snake come
on that's about it for this horn foul
and this is my other one still sleeping
this one here nothing to report and I'm
just this is my all my minis tons of
growing tips this one here's got new
leaf
this one here has a new leaf and I think
it's a second new leaf actually so this
is a new one and then like a week later
this one here something like that okay
it's growing this one here has a spike
that's a new root growth you can see the
spike right there usually no one's bad
lighting
oh the spike is right there that's too
small to show you guys but like it's a
bit bigger I'll go ahead and do another
video on that yeah so that's good um
this one here nothing major to inform
they all have wonderful green grind tips
so they're all awake so to all my
Canadian friends that think you know
their orchids are never gonna wake up be
patient it will wake up my other
beautiful foul it's one of my favorites
so gorgeous yep
and and okay that's all I'm running out
of space so that's why I have to do this
quickly yes so be patient your kids will
soon wake up that's it for now bye